Fix hatch
Testing:
	Test all of Hatch 
		Servo readings
			Are setAngle() and getAngle() returning as they should?
		The run button and servo button
		Using it to drop off/pick up
		The auto stop feature when the servo is above 90
	Test using getSquaredAxis()
		Do the drivers prefer this or not? It's just an option
	Test new cargo mode progression
		X should go from ground to rocket and black
		Y should go from ground to bay and back
	If the ground to bay is still really bouncy after the subsystem hotfix then remove it
	New cargo velocity
		Does it still return infinity/NaN?
		If not try adding a kD constant and see what happens
			Then tune it

Allow for manual movement of the turntable
		If auto align works perfectly, we have manual movement and one auto align button (3 buttons)
		If auto align doesn't work we just have manual movement (2 buttons)
			In either case we need to make a new TurntableMode CUSTOM which moves it to a custom angle

Camera Mount: In progress but check on it

LEDs?

Limelight stuff:
	Safety concerns with the mount? make sure the limelight doesn't break
	Double check detection software and logic
	Think about potentially mounting the limelight somewhere on cargo and using it to automate that
	Write code to automate pickup and drop off:
		To automate pickup:
			The robot should be fairly close to the station at this position
			Use the navx to make it parallel to the wall (facing 180 degrees)
			Spin the turntable until the limelight detects a match
				remember that you dont know which way the limelight needs to spin to see the tapes
					solutions? maybe if it hits the max voltage on one side make it spin the other way?
			Once it detects a match, run the hatch arm out and then back in
		To automate drop off:
			The robot should be somewhat close as well
			Turntable should be facing the left or right, depending on what side it is on
				We need to figure out how the code will know this. Maybe programming driver input or something?
			Use the navx to make the robot perpendicular to the bay (facing 0 degrees, bay is at -90 degrees)
			Move forward until the limelight gets a match
			Run the hatch arm out and then back in

Color Sensor: 
	Where should we mount them? One in the center of the robot could be used to automate cargo drop off maybe
	We could also put one on the hatch end of the robot (centered horizontally on the edge)
	Wire and mount the second sensor
		Have build start to figure out how to mount them properly (NOT duct tape)
	Write the code for the second one (should be easy, just make another object). Make sure that both can work at the same time
	Add another DriveMode which drives forward until the color sensor gets a match

Vision:
	Adding second camera (limelight), using it for processing, displaying that and/or the cargoCam to the dashboard

Write auto files using the scripting languge and select them using the AutoSelector

Drive Encoders:
Make sure we've ordered like a bajillion of the black mount pieces and the white sleeves

Make sure all software is up to date:
	Bridge, RoboRIO, Driver Station, etc.

Lower Priority:
	Figure out button layouts
		Make a visual guide that shows what each button does
	Constants:
		Move more powers and stuff to constants
	Add offset to potentiometers? Ex: Cargo pot starts from around 125-130, adding an offset would make it stop from 0

Older To Do Lists:
Logger:
	Add Logger calls throughout the code
	Later, if we have extra time, we can improve the Logger functionality

Look at all the TODO's in the project and start doing them:
	We never get to this. Maybe this year it'll be different...
	
Turret Lock:
	Use the limelight camera to make the turret (lazy susan) lock onto the vision target regardless of the robot orientation.
	Even if the front of the robot is 30 degrees off from facing forward, we can use limelight to make sure the lazy susan (turret) is 
	still facing forward relative to the vision tape. If the angle offset starts going up, we move the turret. This is a control loop


Auto:
	-Write new auto code:
		-Make new path files
		-Take a ball or hatch to any spot on the bay
			-Dont drop the hatch until the driver confirms the position
			-New naming convention:
				[L,M,R][1,2][Hatch || Cargo][L,M,R][1,2][Additional Actions].auto
				Ex: L1HatchL1LoadingStation.auto
					Start on level 1 from the left, dropping off hatch at L1 station, then move to loading station afterward
		-5 Start Positions:
			Level 2: L   R
			Level 1: L M R
	-SmartDashboard integration
	-Improve scripting language
	
Misc:
	-Create a Programming Phamplet of all the cool stuff we do this year
	-Create an Auto Modes Booklet for all of our auto modes (if we have a lot)